blitz
------------------------------------------
Blitz++ is a (LGPLv3+) licensed meta-template library for array manipulation
in C++ with a speed comparable to Fortran implementations, while preserving an
object-oriented interface. These results are being obtained not through better
optimizing compilers, preprocessors, or language extensions, but through the
use of template techniques. By using templates cleverly, optimizations such as
loop fusion, unrolling, tiling, and algorithm specialization can be performed
automatically at compile time.

Expression template techniques allows to to incorporate new and useful
features - independent of compiler. Some examples of such extensions are
flexible storage formats, tensor notation and index placeholders.

Scientific computing requires domain-specific abstractions, such as arrays,
matrices, and tensors. Building such abstractions into a language (such as
arrays in Fortran 90) can result in fast code, but may also be limiting: such
abstractions are hard to extend or modify, and economics restrict the number
of features which may be included in a commercial compiler. An alternative is
to use languages which allow library developers to create their own
abstractions. Many problem domains which have been addressed in the past by
custom languages (interval arithmetic, sparse arrays, adaptive mesh
refinement) have now been successfully tackled by C++ libraries.
Unfortunately, compilers have difficulty optimizing such libraries, because
they lack semantic knowledge of the abstractions: instead of seeing sparse
array operations, they see pointers and loops.

The solution may be to move high-level optimizations out of compilers and into
libraries. The Blitz++ library demonstrates how this may be done in C++. The
mechanisms are somewhat crude, but the results are appealing: Blitz++ arrays
offer functionality and efficiency competitive with Fortran 90, but without
any language extensions. The Blitz++ library is able to parse and analyze
array expressions at compile time, and performs loop transformations which
have until now been the responsibility of optimizing compilers. Please see
examples.

Runtime requirements:
  cygwin-2.0.2-1
  libblitz-devel-0.10-1bl2
  libblitz0-0.10-1bl2
  libgcc1-4.9.2-3
  libstdc++6-4.9.2-3

Build requirements:
(besides corresponding -devel packages)
  autoconf-13-1
  automake-9-1
  binutils-2.25-1
  cygport-0.18.1-1
  gcc-core-4.9.2-3
  gcc-fortran-4.9.2-3
  gcc-g++-4.9.2-3
  libtool-2.4.6-1
  make-4.1-1

Canonical website:
  http://blitz.sf.net/

Canonical download:
  mirror://sourceforge/blitz/blitz-0.10.tar.gz

-------------------------------------------

Build instructions:
  1. unpack blitz-0.10-X-src.tar.xz
  2. if you use setup to install this src package,
     it will be unpacked under /usr/src automatically
        % cd /usr/src
        % cygport ./blitz-0.10-X.cygport all

This will create:
  /usr/src/blitz-0.10-X-src.tar.xz
  /usr/src/blitz-0.10-X.tar.xz
  /usr/src/libblitz0-0.10-X.tar.xz
  /usr/src/libblitz-devel-0.10-X.tar.xz

-------------------------------------------

Files included in the binary package:

(blitz)
  /usr/share/doc/Cygwin/blitz.README
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/AUTHORS
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/COPYING
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/COPYING.LESSER
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/COPYING.temp
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/COPYRIGHT
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/ChangeLog
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/ChangeLog.0
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/ChangeLog.1
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/ChangeLog.2
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/LEGAL
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/LICENSE
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/NEWS
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/README
  /usr/share/doc/blitz/TODO

(libblitz0)
  /usr/bin/cygblitz-0.dll

(libblitz-devel)
  /usr/include/blitz/array-impl.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/asexpr.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/asexpr.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/cartesian.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/cgsolve.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/complex.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/convolve.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/convolve.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/cycle.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/domain.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/et.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/expr.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/expr.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/fastiter.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/funcs.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/functorExpr.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/geometry.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/indirect.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/interlace.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/io.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/iter.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/map.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/methods.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/misc.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/multi.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/newet-macros.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/newet.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/ops.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/ops.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/reduce.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/reduce.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/resize.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/shape.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/slice.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/slicing.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/stencil-classes.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/stencil-et-macros.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/stencil-et.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/stencilops.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/stencils.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/array/stencils.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/storage.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/where.h
  /usr/include/blitz/array/zip.h
  /usr/include/blitz/bench.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/bench.h
  /usr/include/blitz/benchext.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/benchext.h
  /usr/include/blitz/blitz.h
  /usr/include/blitz/bounds.h
  /usr/include/blitz/bzconfig.h
  /usr/include/blitz/bzdebug.h
  /usr/include/blitz/compiler.h
  /usr/include/blitz/constpointerstack.h
  /usr/include/blitz/et-forward.h
  /usr/include/blitz/etbase.h
  /usr/include/blitz/funcs.h
  /usr/include/blitz/globeval.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/gnu/bzconfig.h
  /usr/include/blitz/indexexpr.h
  /usr/include/blitz/indexmap-forward.h
  /usr/include/blitz/levicivita.h
  /usr/include/blitz/limits-hack.h
  /usr/include/blitz/listinit.h
  /usr/include/blitz/memblock.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/memblock.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/dot.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/matassign.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/matmat.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/matvec.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/metaprog.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/product.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/sum.h
  /usr/include/blitz/meta/vecassign.h
  /usr/include/blitz/minmax.h
  /usr/include/blitz/numinquire.h
  /usr/include/blitz/numtrait.h
  /usr/include/blitz/ops.h
  /usr/include/blitz/prettyprint.h
  /usr/include/blitz/promote.h
  /usr/include/blitz/range.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/range.h
  /usr/include/blitz/ranks.h
  /usr/include/blitz/reduce.h
  /usr/include/blitz/shapecheck.h
  /usr/include/blitz/simdtypes.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tau.h
  /usr/include/blitz/timer.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tinymat2.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/tinymat2.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tinymat2io.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/tinyvec2.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/tinyvec2.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tinyvec2io.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/tm2fastiter.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tmevaluate.h
  /usr/include/blitz/traversal.cc
  /usr/include/blitz/traversal.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tuning.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tv2fastiter.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tvcross.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tvecglobs.h
  /usr/include/blitz/tvevaluate.h
  /usr/include/blitz/update.h
  /usr/include/blitz/vector2.h
  /usr/include/blitz/wrap-climits.h
  /usr/include/random/F.h
  /usr/include/random/beta.h
  /usr/include/random/chisquare.h
  /usr/include/random/default.h
  /usr/include/random/discrete-uniform.h
  /usr/include/random/exponential.h
  /usr/include/random/gamma.h
  /usr/include/random/mt.h
  /usr/include/random/mtparam.cc
  /usr/include/random/normal.h
  /usr/include/random/uniform.h
  /usr/lib/libblitz.dll.a
  /usr/lib/pkgconfig/blitz.pc

------------------

Port Notes:

----- version 0.10-1bl2 -----
Rebuild on x86_64

----- version 0.10-1bl1 -----
Initial release for Cygwin-1.7 by fd0 <http://fd0.hatenablog.jp/>

