fidlib
------------------------------------------
This is a C library, released as free software under the GNU LGPL, designed to
make it easy to design and execute IIR/FIR filters flexibly and quickly at
run-time. (That is, as opposed to designing filters or coefficients inflexibly
at compile-time and hard-coding them into the application). The base set of
filters comes from Dr Tony Fisher's mkfilter, plus various other additional
filters from other sources, including some audio filters. The mkfilter filters
were improved by splitting them into stages, significantly improving the
stability and accuracy for higher-order filters.

The filters provided are mainly IIR filters, and I make no claim that the list
is anywhere near exhaustive; however you can still provide other filters to
fidlib in coefficient form for analysis or execution. See the docs for full
details of the filters available and the C programming API.

Previously fidlib was only distributed with Fiview as it provides the core
filter design and execution services for that tool, but now it has been more
fully documented and released separately. Still, it is recommended to try
viewing the filters in Fiview as that tool makes it much easier to visualise
and experiment with these filters before using them in a live application.

The fidlib release includes a command-line tool called firun which lets you
apply fidlib filters flexibly and conveniently to raw binary or
ASCII-formatted data streams. It also allows you to test the impulse response,
step response and frequency response of the filters in a command-line friendly
way.

Runtime requirements:
  cygwin-1.7.28-2
  libfidlib0-0.9.10-1bl2

Build requirements:
(besides corresponding -devel packages)
  autoconf-13-1
  automake-9-1
  binutils-2.24.51-1
  cygport-0.15.0-1
  gcc-core-4.8.2-3
  libtool-2.4.2-3
  make-4.0-2

Canonical website:
  http://uazu.net/fidlib/

Canonical download:
  http://uazu.net/fidlib/fidlib-0.9.10.tgz

-------------------------------------------

Build instructions:
  unpack fidlib-0.9.10-X-src.tar.xz
    if you use setup to install this src package, it will be
        unpacked under /usr/src automatically
  cd /usr/src
  cygport ./fidlib-0.9.10-X.cygport all

This will create:
  /usr/src/fidlib-0.9.10-X-src.tar.xz
  /usr/src/fidlib-0.9.10-X.tar.xz
  /usr/src/libfidlib0-0.9.10-X.tar.xz
  /usr/src/libfidlib-devel-0.9.10-X.tar.xz

-------------------------------------------

Files included in the binary package:

(fidlib)
  /usr/bin/firun.exe
  /usr/share/doc/Cygwin/fidlib.README
  /usr/share/doc/fidlib/COPYING
  /usr/share/doc/fidlib/NEWS
  /usr/share/doc/fidlib/README
  /usr/share/doc/fidlib/fidlib.txt
  /usr/share/doc/fidlib/firun.txt

(libfidlib0)
  /usr/bin/cygfidlib-0.dll

(libfidlib-devel)
  /usr/include/fidlib/fidlib.h
  /usr/lib/libfidlib.dll.a

------------------

Port Notes:

----- version 0.9.10-1bl2 -----
Rebuild on x86_64

----- version 0.9.10-1bl1 -----
Initial release for Cygwin-1.7 by fd0 <http://d.hatena.ne.jp/fd0>

